Profiles management
--------------------

The KeyNote configuration is primarily based on the "keynote.ini" file (assuming the executable is called 'keynote.exe'), but 
there are other associated files. The name of these files matches that of the .ini file, varying the extension.
Thus, the files used are:

    .ini : main keynote options 
    .mru : MRU file list and form position/size info  (mru: most recently used)
    .mgr : file manager data
    .fvr : favorites storage file
    .kns : custom styles
    .exp : glossary entries
    .icn : custom icons
    .def : default settings for newly created notes

The following files are also configuration/auxiliary files, but their name and extension are always the same:

    keyboard.ini: keyboard customization file   (previously a more limited configuration was supported by plugins, with a .key file)
    toolbar.ini:  toolbar configuration file
    keymail.ini:  INI file for email options  (currently not used)
    scratch.rtf:  scratchpad available from the resource panel
    notehead.rtf: Template for note heading, when exporting  (*)
    nodehead.rtf: Template for node heading, when exporting  (*)

Keynote has long allowed to maintain different configurations/preferences, either so that several users can share the application
on the same computer, each having their own preferences, or to allow several instances of the application to be opened at the same
time with different configurations. In this second case, a common setup is to set a different HotKey value in each configuration.
This allows you to always have two (or more) knt files open, and activate them with different combinations (e.g. CTR+Shift+F12
and CTR+Shift+F9)

This is being achieved by passing the name or path of an alternative .ini file as a parameter to the application.
If the application does not receive any .ini file, it looks for the configuration in a 'keynote.ini' file located in the same folder
in which .exe is located, and it looks for the rest of the files in the same folder, varying the extension ( except for the six files
indicated)
If a different .ini file is passed, that can be located in the same folder or in another (e.g: "keynote_F9.ini", "myFolder\keynote.ini"
"myFolder\knt_F9.ini"), the application will use that file and others of the form:
 "keynote_F9.ini" -> "keynote_F9.mru", "keynote_F9.mgr", "keynote_F9.fvr", etc.
It is also possible to establish, on the command line, a specific .def and/or .mgr file (See cmdline.txt)


Since version 1.8.1, the following improvements have been incorporated in relation to what is indicated:
  

- If KeyNote detects the presence of the "Profiles\Default" subfolder within the folder with the executable (keynote.exe), it will 
  search in that subfolder for the keynote.ini file and the rest of the files (and if they do not exist, it will add them to that
  folder according to is requiring it)
  The setup program will establish that subfolder to promote better organization of the files, avoiding mixing and confusing those
  files with the rest of the application files and with the configurations of other profiles. The rest of the profiles should also
  be created within the "Profiles" folder. Ex: "Profiles\F9"
  The setup program will appropriately set the permissions for the Profiles folder.  
   
- The notehead.rtf and nodehead.rtf files so far have not been specific to the profile configuration, but common to all.
  From the new version it is possible to customize one or both files from a profile, adding them to the folder containing the
  profile's .ini file. If one of these two files is not found in the profile folder, the application will use the one(s) located 
  in the main profile folder ("Profiles\Default" or the folder that contains the executable).

- If within the folder with the .ini files there is a subfolder called 'macros' (e.g. Profiles\F9\macros), the macros contained
  therein will be loaded, taking preference over those loaded from the main macro folder (<exe folder>\macros)
    - This allows to define different automatic execution macros in each configuration.
    - When recording new macros it is possible to create them as general or specific to the profile
	
* NOTE: 
  An example of the use of an alternative .ini file, via the command line option, using a specific folder within Profiles can
  be found in "Profiles\Help" folder, used from the "KeyNote Help 1.6" shortcut to facilitate opening .knt help files :

     "C:\Program Files (x86)\KeyNote NF\keynote.exe" Profiles\Help\keynote.ini  help\kntHelpFiles\KN_Help_1.6.knt 
   
  In this case, the .knt file to be opened is also being passed as a parameter, but this is optional